Overlays: add W1021 warning description (#4319)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/Errors and Warnings/W1021.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Occurs in the [Popup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/), [Popover](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopover/), [Tooltip](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/), and [LoadPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/) if the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) property is set to a DOM element that does not exist.

Reviewer: `set to a DOM element that does not exist` - not only this case. Property can be set to any invalid value.

Author: Noted

> Occurs in the [Popup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/), [Popover](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopover/), [Tooltip](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/), and [LoadPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/) if the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) property is set to a DOM element that does not exist.

Reviewer: Shouldn't we add a link to the breaking change here?

Author: I won't link a BC because it will be outdated after few releases and we don't usually do it in our docs.

> Occurs in the [Popup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/), [Popover](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopover/), [Tooltip](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/), and [LoadPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/) if the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) property is set to invalid value or a DOM element that does not exist.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Occurs in the [Popup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/), [Popover](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopover/), [Tooltip](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTooltip/), and [LoadPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/) if the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) property is set to an invalid value or DOM element that does not exist.
```

---

> Change the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) property value to an existing element.

Reviewer: "existing element" is to strict for me. It can be a selector of a dom element. It's also enough to remove container property

Author: Noted

> Change the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) property value to an existing element. You can also remove this property: in this case, the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) takes on a default value described in the API section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) property value to an existing element or its selector. You can also remove this property: in this case, the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) takes on a default value described in the API section.
```

> Change the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) property value to an existing element or its selector. You can also remove this property: in this case, the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) used the default value described in the API section.

Author: ```suggestion
Change the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) property value to an existing element or its selector. You can also remove this property: in this case, the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) uses the default value described in the API section.
```

> Change the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) property value to an existing element or its selector. You can also remove this property: in this case, the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) takes on a default value described in the API section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Change the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) property value to an existing element or its selector. You can also remove this property: in this case, the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#container) used the default value described in the API section.
```
